Add registering apple credentials guide (#667)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Integration-Guides/login-integration-guide/registering-credentials-to-set-up-apple-id-login.md

---
title: "Registering credentials to set up Apple ID login"
slug: "registering-credentials-to-set-up-apple-id-login"
hidden: false
createdAt: "2023-09-05T17:34:17Z"
updatedAt: "2023-09-05T17:34:17Z"
---

> > This feature is in closed beta, which means that only specific customers can access it now. If you want to implement it in the future, please contact [our support](https://support.vtex.com/hc/pt-br/).

Reviewer: Tem como ou podemos descrever mais sobre esses clientes específicos? O que faz deles elegíveis para essa feature?

To allow users to [sign in to your store with their Apple ID](https://developer.apple.com/sign-in-with-apple/get-started/), you must create valid Apple credentials before [setting up this type of authentication through the VTEX Admin](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/configuring-sign-in-with-apple-id-beta--5qprgEmHYfPTghnYwm0KrV). This guide describes all the necessary steps to get these credentials:

- [Before you start](#before-you-start)

> - [Instructions](#instructions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Step by step](#instructions)
```

> - [Instructions](#instructions)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Step by step](#step-by-step)
```

  - [Step 1: Creating an App ID](#step-1-creating-an-app-id)
  - [Step 2: Creating a Services ID](#step-2-creating-a-services-id)
  - [Step 3: Creating a private Key ID and p8 Certificate](#step-3-creating-a-private-key-id-and-p8-certificate)
  - [Step 4: Configuring the Apple ID login in the VTEX Admin](#step-4-configuring-the-apple-id-login-in-the-vtex-admin)

After following these steps to register Apple credentials, you must complete the configuration of Apple ID login in the VTEX Admin, as explained in [Configuring Sign in with Apple ID](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/configuring-sign-in-with-apple-id-beta--5qprgEmHYfPTghnYwm0KrV).

> > Read [Apple's documentation](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/configure-app-capabilities/create-a-sign-in-with-apple-private-key) for more information about the required credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ Read [Apple's documentation](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/configure-app-capabilities/create-a-sign-in-with-apple-private-key) for more information about the required credentials.
```

## Before you start

You must have an [Apple ID](https://support.apple.com/apple-id) and be a member of the [Apple Developer Program](https://developer.apple.com/programs/) to follow the instructions presented in this guide.

> ## Instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step by step
```

### Step 1: Creating an App ID

> Get started by enabling the Sign in with Apple service on an iOS, tvOS, watchOS, or macOS App ID and classifying it as the primary App ID. Read [Apple’s documentation](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/configure-app-capabilities/about-sign-in-with-apple) on this step for more information.

Reviewer: Esse poderia talvez ser o passo 1 desse step? Ou já que a pessoa precisa do sign in, talvez seja uma passo no before you start. Daí nesse step 1 a pessoa já começa com "1. Sign in to the..."

Reviewer: Sugestão: deixar esse texto como um before you start e no lugar adicionar uma intro para o step 1. Ex.: "Begin by creating the App ID that will serve as a..."

Author: ```suggestion
Begin by following the instructions below to enable the Sign in with Apple service on an iOS, tvOS, watchOS, or macOS App ID and classifying it as the primary App ID. Read [Apple’s documentation](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/configure-app-capabilities/about-sign-in-with-apple) on this step for more information.
```

1. Sign in to the [Apple Developer Portal](https://idmsa.apple.com/IDMSWebAuth/signin?appIdKey=891bd3417a7776362562d2197f89480a8547b108fd934911bcbea0110d07f757&path=%2Faccount%2F&rv=1).
2. Click **Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles**, as shown below.

>    ![apple-credentials-1](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/apple-credentials-1-6-11.PNG)

Reviewer: Acredito que uma vez mergeado, as imagens ficaram ok na doc né?

Author: sim!

   ![apple-credentials-4](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/apple-credentials-4.PNG)

6. Scroll down through the list of capabilities and check the box next to **Sign In with Apple**.

   ![apple-credentials-5](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/apple-credentials-5.PNG)

7. Click `Continue`, review the completed information, then click `Register`.

The App ID created is the combination of the **App ID Prefix** (Team ID) and the **Bundle ID**. For example, `5PD8XQY9EW.com.mystore`.

### Step 2: Creating a Services ID

Next, to enable Sign in with Apple for each website, you must register a Services ID, verify your domain, and associate it to an app. The Services ID identifies the particular instance of your app and serves as the [OAuth client_id](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/client-registration/client-id-secret/).

> Go ahead and create a new identifier and choose Services IDs.

Reviewer: Essa frase seria para introduzir o passo-a-passo abaixo? Achei um pouco confusa se eu deveria criar e depois seguir os passos ou se era uma intro para o passos. Se for uma intro., uma ideia seria deixar no mesmo parágrafo do texto anterior e usar ":" no final ou algo como "siga os passos abaixo..."

> 
> Go ahead and create a new identifier and choose Services IDs.

Author: ```suggestion
```

   ![apple-credentials-6](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/apple-credentials-1-6-11.PNG)

2. From the sidebar, click **Identifiers**, then click the blue add `+` icon.

   ![apple-credentials-7](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/apple-credentials-2-7.PNG)

3. Choose **Services IDs**, as shown below, and click `Continue`.

   ![apple-credentials-8](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/apple-credentials-8.PNG)

4. Complete the fields to register the Services ID:

   - **Description:** Write the name of the app the user will see during the login flow. Don’t use special characters such as `@`, `&`, `*`, `'`, `"`.
   - **Identifier:** Write the identifier which will be used as the OAuth `client_id`. The string should be in reverse-DNS format, such as `com.domainname.appname.client`. Don’t include asterisks (`*`).

   ![apple-credentials-9](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/apple-credentials-9.PNG)

5. Check the **Sign In with Apple** checkbox.
6. Click `Configure` next to **Sign In with Apple**.

> 7. Now, you must define the domain your app is running on and the redirect URLs used during the OAuth flow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Define the domain your app is running on and the redirect URLs used during the OAuth flow:
```

   - **Primary App ID:** Make sure your associated App ID is chosen in this field. If this is the first App ID you’ve created that uses Sign In with Apple, it will probably already be selected.
   - **Web Domain:** Enter the domain name where your app will run.
   - **Return URLs:** Enter the redirect URL for your app.

>    > ⚠️ Apple doesn’t allow localhost URLs in this step. If you enter an IP address, it will fail later in the flow. You have to use a real domain here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > ⚠️ You have to use a real domain here, as Apple doesn't allow localhost URLs in this step. Entering an IP address will result in failure later in the process."
```

Reviewer: Só uma sugestão para deixar a instrução do que a pessoa precisa fazer mais em destaque

   ![apple-credentials-10](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/apple-credentials-10.PNG)

8. Click `Save`, then `Continue` and `Register` to complete this step.

> Now, you have an App ID, and you have created a Services ID which serves as your OAuth `client_id`. The **Identifier** you entered for your Services ID is your OAuth `client_id`. In the given example, this is `com.mystore.client`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you have an App ID, and you have created a Services ID which serves as your OAuth `client_id`. The **Identifier** you entered for your Services ID is your OAuth `client_id`. In the given example, this Identifier is `com.mystore.client`.
```

| **Credential** | **Description** | **Where to find it** |
|---|---|---|
| **Key ID** | Private key identifier which will be used by VTEX to generate the [OAuth client secret](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/client-registration/client-id-secret/).  | Obtained in [Creating a private Key ID and p8 Certificate](#step-3-creating-a-private-key-id-and-p8-certificate). |
| **Team ID** | Identifier of your team on the [Apple Developer Portal](https://developer.apple.com/). | Obtained in step 5 of [Creating an App ID](#step-1-creating-an-app-id) or on the [Apple Developer Portal](https://developer.apple.com/), in the top bar, once you are logged in. |
| **Service ID** | Services identifier, to be used as the [OAuth `client_id`](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/client-registration/client-id-secret/). | Obtained in Creating a Services ID. |
| **p8 Certificate** | Private key saved in a text file ending in `.p8`, generated only once by Apple. | Obtained in [Creating a private Key ID and p8 certificate](#step-3-creating-a-private-key-id-and-p8-certificate). |

> Then, access the VTEX Admin to complete the configuration of Apple ID login. Follow the steps described in [Configuring Sign in with Apple ID](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/configuring-sign-in-with-apple-id-beta--5qprgEmHYfPTghnYwm0KrV) to continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have saved the credentials, access the VTEX Admin to complete the configuration of the Apple ID login. Follow the steps described in [Configuring Sign in with Apple ID](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/configuring-sign-in-with-apple-id-beta--5qprgEmHYfPTghnYwm0KrV) to continue.
```
